# CharacterFinder - What is it?
This project was inspired by fan-wikis and their (perceived) shortcomings, in both execution and scope.  While popular ficitons (especially speculative fictinos) often have large communities that spend a great deal of time curating and arranging information about those works and their characters, other genres and less popular works often have no place at all to compile information as a community effort.  Similarly, works of historical and/or "literary" fiction often have ample resources available in relation to them, but these are often found in academia, written in a decidedly unfriendly manner, and sometimes even behind a paywall.  Character Finder attempts to bring a small measure of parity to these different communities by providing a "one-stop shop" for information on fictional characters.

### How to use:
Users may use this app to create database entries of four major types: Series, Authors, Books, and Characters.  As the focus of this app is on characters, the main page is devoted to a list of characters and information about the other types is presented in relation to the characters: I.E. What work(s) of fiction those characters are from, which author(s) created that character, what series they might appear in, etc.  Upon selecting a resource, users are taken to a "detail" page with a greater in depth look at available information about this resource, including relationships with other resources.  Users also have access to the ability to create new resources and relationships by accessing the creation hub page on the navigation bar.

### Central feature - Edit Queue
One of the central features of this is the edit queue.  Characters may be freely "edited" by all users, but these changes will not be reflected until an administrator approves them.  Users may create "personal" versions of each character as well as a public one, and these personal entries are submitted to an edit queue for administrator review.  Administrators may then at their leisure approve or deny an edit request, and if it is approved the "personal" version will become the primary version of that character everyone sees in the database.  If it is denied, the personal version remains personal but is removed from the edit queue.  Users may resubmit different changes by further editing their "personal" version.
